He was a boy, she was a girl.
Can I make it anymore obvious?
He was a punk, she did ballet.
What more can I say?
He wanted her, she'd never tell.
Secretly she wanted him as well.
And all of her friends stuck up their nose.
They had a problem with his baggy clothes.
Five years from now, she sits at home feeding the baby.
She's all alone.
She turns on TV and guess who she sees?
Skater boy rockin' up MTV.
She calls up her friends, they already know.
And they've all got tickets to see his show.
She tags along, stands in the crowd,
Looks up at the man that she turned down.
Sorry, girl, but you missed out.
Well, tough luck, that boy's mine now.
We are more than just good friends.
This is how the story ends.
Too bad that you couldn't see...
See the man that boy could be.
There is more than meets the eye,
I see the soul that is inside.
He's just a boy, and I'm just a girl.
Can I make it anymore obvious?
We are in love.
Haven't you heard how we rock each other's world?
I'm standing on a bridge
I'm waiting in the dark
I thought that you'd be here by now
There's nothing but the rain
No footsteps on the ground
I'm listening but there's no sound
Isn't anyone trying to find me?
Won't somebody come take me home?
I'm looking for a place
I'm searching for a face
Is anybody here I know
'Cause nothing's going right
And everything's a mess
And no one likes to be alone
Oh why is everything so confusing
Maybe I'm just out of my mind
Yeah-he-yaa, yeah-he-yah, yeah-he-yah, yeah-he-yah, yeah!
Went back home again
This sucks gotta pack up and leave again
Say goodbye to all my friends
Can't say when I'll be there again
It's time now to turn around
Turn my back on EVERYTHING, everything....
Start back at this life
Stretch myself back into the vibe
I'm waking up to say I've tried
Instead of waking up to another TV GUIDE
It's time now to turn around
Turn and walk on this crazy ground oh oh oh....
Hanging from the ceiling lifes a mobile spinning round
with mixed feelings crazy & wild ...
sometimes I wanna SCREAM OUT LOUD ....
I tried to belong, it didn't seem wrong
My head aches, its been so long
I'll write this song
If that's what it take
All that I did was walk over
Start off by shaking your hands
That's how it went
I had a smile on my face and I sat up straight
Hey yeah yeah, hey yeah yeah, and I know I'm not ready,
Hey yeah yeah, hey yeah yeah, maybe tomorrow
Sometimes I get so weird I even freak myself out
I laugh myself to sleep, it's my lullaby
Sometimes I drive so fast, just to feel the danger
I wanna scream, it makes me feel alive
Somebody rip my heart out and leave me here to bleed
Somebody save my life, I’d rather be anything but ordinary please
To walk within the lines would make my life so boring
I want to know that I have been to the extreme
So knock me off my feet, come on now give it to me
Anything to make me feel alive
Let down your defences, use no common sense
If you look you will see that this world is a beautiful
accident turbulent suculent opulent permanent, no way
I wanna taste it, don't wanna waste it away
Sometimes I get so weird I even freak myself out
I laugh my self to sleep, it's my lullaby
I’m tugging at my hair, I’m pulling at my clothes
I’m trying to keep my cool, I know it shows
I’m staring at my feet
My cheeks are turning red
I’m searching for the words inside my head
What’s wrong with my tongue, these words keep slipping away
I stutter, I stumble like I’ve got nothing to say
Please tell me what is taking place,
Cause I can't seem to find a trace,
Guess it must've got erased somehow,
Probably cause I always forget,
Everytime someone tells me their name,
It's always gotta be the same.
Never wore cover-up and always beat the boys up,
Grew up in a 5000 population town,
Made my money by cutting grass,
Got fired by fried chicken ass,
All in a small town, Napanee.
Can't help if I space in a daze,
My eyes tune out the other way,
I may switch off and go in a daydream,
In this head my thoughts are deep,
But sometimes I can't even speak,
Would someone be and not pretend? I'm off again in my World.
I never spend less than an hour washin' my hair in the shower,
It always takes 5 hours to make it straight so I'll braid it in a zillion braids,
Though it may take all friggen day, there's nothin' else better to do anyway.
When you're all alone in the lands of forever, lay under the milky way,
On and on it's getting too late out,
I'm not in love this time this night.
Take a look at me and you'll see I'm for real
I feel what only I can feel
And if that don't appeal to you
Let me know, and I'll go ‘cuz I flow
Better when my colors show
And that's the way it has to be
'Cuz creativity could never bloom in my room
I'd throw it all away before I lie
So don't call me with a compromise, hang up the phone
I've got a backbone stronger than yours
You think you know me like yourself
But I fear that you're only telling me what I wanna hear
But do you give a damn that I can't not be what I am
I'm not the milk and cheerios in your spoon
Its not a simple hearing but not so soon
I might've fallen for that when I was fourteen and a little more green
But its amazing what a couple of years can mean
Its the first time I ever felt this lonely
I wish someone could cure this pain
Its funny when you think its gonna work out
Til you chose weed over me, you're so lame
I thought you were cool until the point
But up until the point you didnt call me
I finally figured out you’re all the same
Always coming up with some kind of story
I thought you'd come around when I ignored you
So I thought you'd have the decency to change
But babe, I guess you didn't take that warning
'Cause I'm not about to look at your face again
Everytime I try to make you smile you're always feeling sorry for yourself
Everytime I try to make you laugh
Youre too tough, uou think you're loveless
Is that too much that I'm asking for?
Can't you see that you lie to yourself
You can't see the world through a mirror
It wont be too late when the smoke clears
I wake up in the morning, put on my face
The one that's gonna get me through another day
Doesn't really matter how I feel inside
'Cause life is like a game sometimes
But then you came around me and the walls just disappeared
Nothing to surround me and keep me from my fears
I'm unprotected, see how I've opened up
Oh, you've made me trust
I'm trying to remember why I was afraid
To be myself and let the covers fall away
I guess I never had someone like you to help me, to help me fit in my skin
I cannot find a way to describe it
It's there inside; all I do is hide
I wish that it would just go away
I feel like I am all alone
All by myself I need to get around this
My words are cold, I don't want them to hurt you
If I show you, I don't think you'd understand
You held my hand and walked me home
When you gave me that kiss it was something like this it made me go ooh ohh
You wiped my tears, got rid of all my fears, why did you have to go?
Guess it wasn't enough to take up some of my love
Guys are so hard to trust
Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl?
The one who gives it all away, yeah
Don't think that your charm and the fact that your arm is now around my neck
Will get you in my pants I'll have to kick your ass and make you never forget
I'm gonna ask you to stop, thought I liked you a lot, but I'm really upset
Get out of my head get off of my bed yeah thats what I said
Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl, the one who, throws it all away
This guilt trip that you put me on won't, mess me up I've done no wrong
Any thoughts of you and me have gone away
There's not much going on today.
I'm really bored, it's getting late.
What happened to my Saturday?
Monday's coming, the day I hate.
This is when I start to bite my nails.
And clean my room when all else fails.
I think it's time for me to bail.
This point of view is getting stale.
I am small and the world is big
All around me is fast moving
Surrounded by so many things
But suddenly, suddenly
I'm young, and I am free
But I get tired, and I get weak
I get lost, and I can't sleep
What's wrong, what's wrong now?
Too many, too many problems.
Don't know where she belongs, where she belongs.
She wants to go home, but nobody's home.
It's where she lies, broken inside.
With no place to go, no place to go to dry her eyes.
Well I couldn't tell you why she felt that way,
She felt it everyday, and I couldn't help her,
I just watched her make the same mistakes again.
Open your eyes and look outside, find the reasons why.
You've been rejected, and now you can't find what you left behind.
Be strong, be strong now.
Too many, too many problems.
Don't know where she belongs, where she belongs.
She wants to go home, but nobody's home.
It's where she lies, broken inside.
With no place to go, no place to go to dry her eyes.
I think there's something more, life's worth living for
Who knows what could happen.
Do what you do, just keep on laughing
One thing's true, there's always a brand new day
I'm gonna live today like it's my last day
Do what you do, just keep on laughing
One thing's true, there's always a brand new day
Every now and then we all want something
Even if there's no way of gettin' it
If i stomp my feet could that make me
Be the way around it, could I get myself around it
Don't wanna always have to be so nice
Don't wanna hear you say well thats just life
I dry out when I open my mouth
I make my way around it, I always make my way around it
You say that I'm messin' with your head
All 'cause I was making out with your friend
Love hurts whether it's right or wrong
I can't stop, 'cause I'm having too much fun
You're on your knees, beggin' please "stay with me"
But honestly, I just need to be a little crazy
All I want is to mess around, and I don't really care about
If you love me, if you hate me
You can't save me, baby, baby
All my life I've been good but now whoa "What the hell?"
I always needed time on my own
I never thought I'd need you there when I cry
And the days feel like years when I'm alone
And the bed where you lie
Is made up on your side
When you walk away I count the steps that you take
Do you see how much I need you right now?
We were made for each other
I know we were, yeah, yeah
All I ever wanted was for you to know
Everything I do, I give my heart and soul
I can hardly breathe, I need to feel you here with me, yeah
I don't care if I'm a misfit
I like it better than the hipster bullshit
When it's you and me
We don't need no one to tell us who to be
We'll keep turning up the radio
Just put up a middle finger to the sky
Let 'em know that we're still rock 'n roll
Singing Radiohead at the top of our lungs
With the boom box blaring as we're falling in love
Got a bottle of whatever, but it's getting us drunk
Singing here's to never growing up
Call up all our friends, go hard this weekend
For no damn reason, I don't think we'll ever change
Meet you at the spot, half past ten o'clock
We don't ever stop, and we're never gonna change
We'll be running down the street, yelling "Kiss my ass!"
I'm like yeah whatever, we're still living like that
When the sun's going down, we'll be raising our cups
Singing, here's to never growing up
We don't need no one to tell us who to be
We'll keep turning up the radio
Just put up a middle finger to the sky
Let 'em know that we're still rock 'n roll
He was working at the record shop
I would kiss him in the parking lot
Tasting like cigarettes and soda pop
He would tell me I was beautiful
Sneaking in the neighbor's swimming pool
Yeah, he taught me how to break the rules
Stealing beers out of the trailer park
Flicking lighters just to fight the dark
My favorite place was sitting in his car
We laid a blanket on the roof top
That time I knew I wouldn't make him stop
The nights were cold but we kept 'em hot
Everyone is waitin' on the bell
A couple seconds, we'll be raisin' hell.
The sun is shinin' down, school is finally out.
Nothin' matters, so we might as well.
Come and party, do it while we're young.
Move your body, when you hear the drum.
Throwin' empty bottles in the fire
Whiskey's got us singin' like a choir
We're all gonna run, when the police come.
But in the moment we are so alive.
Love that once hung on the wall
Used to mean something, but now it means nothing
The echoes are gone in the hall
But I still remember, the pain of December
I'm sorry if this hurts you,
But I tried to keep what we had once
I was wrong, it wasn't keeping me awake.
You didn't listen, you didn't listen.
You didn't hear me, you didn't hear me
When I said I want more I got no more.
You weren't stealing me away, oh.
All the memory's that we're losing,
All the time that I spent with you everyday
I think is running down the drain.
I'm feeling (feeling) that we're fading.
Don't make this as hard as you think it would be,
It's a lot easier than it seems, yeah.
And I can feel we're falling down slowly, slowly.
I can see us starting to drown, can't stop it now.
I can see we're burning out so show me, show me.
How you gonna turn it around? Because...
And I just wanted you to know
I don't wanna look back
Cause I know that we have
Something the past could never change.
And I'm stuck in the moment
And my heart is open
Tell me that you feel the same
I like the way you misbehave
When we get wasted, when I am complicated
But that's not why I love you
And how you keep your cool
These feelings are running out the door
I can feel it falling down
And I'm not coming back around
These feelings I can't take no more
This emptiness in the bottom drawer
It's getting harder to pretend
And I'm not coming back around again
